Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
In the last couple of lectures,
we have look at input boxes and here we could use those to get data from users on there.
We're gonna have a look at the input box.
His sister,
which is the message box.
Now,
there are two flavors of message boxes.
Those are those that display simple messages and those that return a response to a variable
.
We're gonna look at both of them in the next couple of lectures.
Okay,
We're going to begin with a simple message box on the format for message boxes.
M s G b O X on this is a simple message box.
So whole or we're gonna do is hit space.
You can see that we've been asked for a prompt.
So I'm just gonna type quotes because this is gonna be texting to say this is a simple
message.
Books,
Andi,
close quotes that I'm gonna hit comma and you can see that we have a bunch of different
options here.
We can get vb abort,
Retry.
Ignore VB Critical default.
But 1234 loads and loads of different things.
But what?
We're going to select his vb.
Okay,
Only So basically,
that means that on the message,
But on the message box,
there's only gonna be one button,
and it will be okay.
Only on then we're gonna type a comma,
and then we're gonna get the title.
So the title,
we're gonna say hello and close quotes and then come off.
And then when I run that code,
there's only one line,
so it can't do much wrong.
I'm just going to hit play,
and you can see that we get this message box pop up here.
Hello?
Is our title just here.
You can see that we only have the okay,
but that's indicated by this,
Phoebe.
Okay,
only.
And this is a simple message box is the text that's displayed in here,
so just click,
OK?
And that finishes that subroutine.
So that is a very simple message box.
Okay,
let's have a look at how we use the message box to get some data from the sheet itself.
I'm going to use the same code and change it to message boxes to,
and I'm also gonna change the comment in there from one of cleverly prepared earlier lips.
Just copy over that would be much better off they go so we can display a simple message box
.
Having read the prompt from a cell value.
So many say,
this is my text and we're going to read from there.
So Ellipse click off or we're going to do is where we have this statement here.
We're just going to change that and say range open brackets open quotes a one because
that's where I found you.
Lies don't value ons space.
So now when we execute that code,
you can see that we get hello.
Because we didn't change that.
And this is my text has being read from range A one dot value,
which is this cell over here and just click OK,
and they go.
So that's how you can read data from a cell and displayed in a message box.
Okay,
Now,
the 3rd 1 we're going to look at,
we're going to steal the code that we used before in the input box section.
So I'm just gonna pace that in here,
and I've cleverly modified it and you can see that this code I'm just going to step through
it so you can remember it does Alan Andi F eight.
What's your last name?
Jarvis.
And enter.
I am gonna build my string,
which is exactly what we did before.
And I'm gonna proper case that string here.
But this time my message box is going to return my string VP.
VB Okay,
only on greeting.
So we've done exactly what we did up here.
But instead of writing the value into the prompt from a one,
we're going to use the string.
We've just built from these to use inputs.
So when they hit F eight we know,
get this which says,
Pleased to meet you,
Alan Jarvis,
But in a message box.
Okay,
so that's all you need to know about simple message boxes.
In the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look at message boxes that return values to a variable on.
I'll see you in the next lecture.